hi everyone welcome to Nicko's kitchens
fast food Friday today we're making one
of the world's most popular snacks and
I'm going to show you how you can do it
at home we're going to be making spring
rolls so we're doing an all vegetable
spring roll and if you wanted to add
meat by all means go for it because the
great thing about spring rolls is the
ingredients you can put in is really
limitless and it is up to you now I've
already prepared these guys because I
didn't want to bore you with cutting
them up you guys know how to cut up
vegetables so let's go through the ones
I've chosen I've got some finely chopped
2 characters julienned just like that
now you want to get your vegetables that
using nice and fine now there are a few
gadgets on the market that you can use
to get it like that or if you don't have
them just use a knife and get a thin as
possible we've got some spring onion or
some scallions just here I've got some
mushrooms I've got some Chinese cabbage
and in the middle you've seen me use
these before they are thin rice noodles
and you can find them in the Asian
section of your supermarket and
basically all you have to do to them
they're a bit like two-minute noodles
just put them in some hot water and let
them get soft right let's start rolling
up our spring rolls now guys I'm going
to show you how to roll up your spring
rolls but before that I'm just going to
get onto the pastry now the spring roll
pastry can be bought in the freezer
section of your supermarket okay it's
readily available if you don't know
where it is ask someone to get it for
you so first of all what I want to do is
get our pastry instead of having it
square I'm going to have it in a
diagonal shape and I'm just going to get
a handful of our mixture and just pop it
in the corner closest to me and then
work them very carefully and very
tightly just roll over the spring roll
pastry just like that and turn it again
all the while keeping it nice and tight
and when you get to the middle what I
want you to do is stop and then I want
you to fold in the sides of the pastry
and then just tuck it in and again nice
and tight keep rolling and then stop and
just getting a little bit of water on
your hands just dab it down on the end
of that pastry and again working tightly
just roll over and there you are so guys
I've got some vegetable oil getting hot
in a pan I'm going to add in our spring
rolls now you want to cook the spring
rolls only for a few minutes because all
we're doing is cooking the pastry until
it's nice and golden brown we're not
actually cooking any of the ingredients
in sign for that long so just pop in
your spring rolls very carefully and
they'll sizzle away now I'm showing your
hand do it at home on top of the
stovetop but if you've got a deep fryer
by all means do them in the deep fryer
as well so guys with our spring rolls
just make sure they don't burn keep
flipping them over on their different
sides and they will cook so guys the
first batch is done I'm going to take
them out and just drain them on some
paper towel and just keep repeating that
process with your other spring rolls and
then we'll plate these bad boys up
there you have a guys Nikko's spring
rolls on how cool do they look I tell
you what they smell absolutely beautiful
now like I said you can put anything in
there if you want to put some shredded
chicken some prawns some fish it's
really up to you you can run wild with
this basic recipe now I'm just setting
it with some sweet chili sauce again you
can serve it with whatever you like some
soy sauce maybe but I am gonna get stuck
into this bad boy give them a good dip
man look at that absolutely gorgeous
okay let's go as always the ingredients
are below check it out you guys take
care and I'll see you this Monday for
mystery Monday so make sure you get your
6 or lesson random ingredients in to me
until then take care